Added missing documentation for "reload_interval" configuration in configtls module. (#5306)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: config/configtls/README.md

- `max_version` (default = "1.3"): Maximum acceptable TLS version.

> Addiotnally certifaces may be relaoded by setting the below configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally certifaces may be reloaded by setting the below configuration.
```
